one
there is no signage
during the launch
brussels to defend
to play
signs to imagine sign up
they are signs that there are agreements
we are creating pakapaka
the first educational and public signal so that all the boys and girls of
Argentina and Latin America
for guys who feel energy inc
for guys who wonder what they know
having fun
for the little ones
the singer is born round
the pass for the people
stop the music
to know other worlds and explore your own
Akram Samhan for adventures
and it's so easy
stories in his books
the first
for the biggest
pakapaka continues to grow together with boys and girls from all over the country
with more questions monitoring
in 10 Brazilian rings
then valencia - the movement
with more curiosity
the one that the good feeding in the shooting good health
the new places to discuss
with the sensations to experience besides giving the face for apple
this mountain and climbing
paralyze the future
the bronzes
travel in time to know our history
Mr
toyota
I should not have played sin twice
but you can call me
backwards
this land
digital apf
with new characters
new stories to tell
Hahaha
for the fmi
they accompany him for the one who teaches
for those who have
my passion where to find new questions and learn from the little ones
bardajera
and added
Pope
we are creating pakapaka
a sign for juan palomar santiago maría
federico valentine
a sign for all the guys
soon
the first educational signal republic for all boys and girls
and Argentina